Storyline for Text Adventure

Player wakes up with ammesia not knowing why. 
Player finds a sign early on that says: "This way for answers ->"
Player starts to uncover evidence that he must have crash landed on this island by plane
But as player starts down the quest he finds inconsistencies in the places he visits.
Parts of the game world are digitally "torn",
leaving strange pieces of code with AAP written all over.
After completing npc's (Norbert Percival Carter) redundant, kill/return-with-item quests, 
player is lost in what to do.
Frustrated and confused, Player begins to reassemble the pieces of the crashed 
plane trying to escape by air.
Player manages to repair and fly the plane but when he flys too far from the island, 
he passes through an invisible wall and into a spherical digital bubble with coding written on all
the walls around him. He sees lines of comment code that say: 
"collect dna from keyboard, 
reconstruct virtual image of user, 
project user into My Text Adventure
Boss him/her around and have fun, 
make them do ridiculous quest tasks,
watch them die, and find a new victim, I mean player,
because I am the Anonymous Amateur Programmer!"
Player decides he needs to free his copied self from the
trap of the game. The plane flys back through the other side of the bubble,
back into the game world.
he realizes he just loops around the other side of the island....
Flying around player sees the landing strip and lands. There is now a small building
next to the strip that leads player down underground where inside are some booby trapped areas.
Next player encounters a puzzle, and next he finds a terminal room, with
instructions on how to operate. He finds he is able to communicate with the AAP,
who tells the player there is no escape since he cannot exist in the "real world"
since he is only a collection of 0s and 1s in memory.
The AAP comes to see the error of his ways apologizes for the player's plight
and decides to give Player a decision:
he can either get super powers in the game and live forever or let the AAP terminate
the player so he can rest in peace.